Abolfazl Amiri Iranian-American Kurdish Rapper and Actor Born 15 April 1995 in Place-birth Kashan,Iran Songwriter and Actor , Music Producer Poet Designer and Hip Hop Rap Artist. Abolfazl Amiri Iranian poet and Persian rapper who is known for his hit single "The Dark Nights".He Is Born April 15 1995, Place-birth Kashan Iran from American-Kurdish Royal Family and Hes Stage names : Wolfs Band, Kurd Prince, A2H2MUSIC,King and Tirip Pak. Inspired by the political and social protest style of rap, he shares his verses through a variety of streaming services including Spotify and Apple Music. Before Fame He first started competing in rap battles and free styling with his friends in the early 90s. In 2009, he attended university where he studied music. Trivia : He was inspired in the 90s after listening to fellow social activist rapper Eminem. Family Life : He was born and raised in Kashan and Aran and Bidgol, Iran. Associated With : He first met fellow rapper Hichkas while attending university and later when on to mimic his style of The Social Protest Rap. Abolfazl Amiri, a rapper and actor who does not have a good financial situation for his family, was forced to drop out of school as a teenager instead of studying, and started working as a laborer to support his family. He lost his father as a child and has lived alone until now. He (Abolfazl Amiri) is very interested in helping the needy and weak people around the world and her place of residence. And he has worked hard for singing and acting, but he still lives in poverty due to the bad conditions in Iran.
